bodies andإdramatic and
horrific
everything
is
in
I'm not sure if you're the same.
I'm a young man, and I have to go to Nakordo.
That's fine.
It's strange to ask someone like you to go to Nakordo.
I've worked there.
I see.
I'm sure you'll go with me.
You're going with me?
Yes.
I have a job.
I'm sorry, but I have to go to Nakordo.
I'll lend you my clothes.
I'm sorry.
I'm a drinker.
I'm a Nakordo.
I'm sorry, but you can go with me.
I'm not sure if you're the same.
I'm a housewife, so I'm good at business.
But there's something I have to do.
What do you mean?
When I say,
I'm going to go to Nakordo,
can you give me a sign?
Sign?
That's a tip.
When I say,
I'm going to Nakordo,
I'm a housewife.
I know.
I'm a singer.
I'm a housewife.
I don't know.
I'll teach you.
Do you know?
I don't know.
You're late.
The other people are practicing.
You're not good.
Is there such a strange greeting?
Look at my face.
Your face is wrinkled.
I'm going to give you
my underwear.
Your song is interesting.
I heard it for the first time,
but the pig was in the middle.
I was singing.
Hey, hey.
You can do it if you laugh.
I'll do it.
Try it again.
Where are you?
Where are you going to sing?
From below.
How low do you go?
Sing.
Put your strength in your lower abdomen.
Try it.
Taka, Takasago.
Raise your head.